- [Mr Beast] I built two massive circles
and put 100 boys in one
and 100 girls in the other
and whichever circle has more people
after 100 hours wins $500,000
but if you touch the red
line, you are eliminated.
- [Boy] We got that!
- It's on!
- We got that.
- I'm not leaving.
- I'm not leaving, either,
Woo!
- Woo!
- It is a team competition,
boys versus girls.
The challenge is officially beginning.
Whichever circle has the
most people in 100 hours
splits the half a million dollars
amongst their entire team.
- Even if we leave, if our
team wins, we get five grand.
- [Boy] That's sick!
- [Boys Chant] Boys rule, girls drool!
Boys rule, girls drool!
- [All Girls] Boys, you suck!
Boys, you suck!
(teams continue chanting over each other)
- Do any of you wanna leave?
- [Boys] No!
- Nobody?
Oh my gosh, two people
just stepped... wait, what?
(group groans)
Don't lie to us, why'd you get out?
- So I told my girlfriend
I'd go out with her tonight.
- Can we get a simp chant?
- [Boys] Simp, simp, simp, simp!
- How are you gonna keep
all 100 girls in here?
- I got a lot of (growls) in
me so we're definitely gonna-
- Brute force it.
- Yeah!
- Woo!
- Are we really gonna stand
here and lose to the girls?
- [Group] No!
- You think if I left during
this, anyone would notice?
- No, probably not.
Wait, oh my God.
- No, you are one of us!
- Take two steps back
so they can't reach you.
Hey, what?
What is going on?
- [Boy] What are you doing?
- I can't lose my job
over $5K, I just got it,
I just graduated.
- Oh really?
Hopefully you win five
grand, not looking likely.
It's been 20 minutes and 5 boys
have dropped and zero girls.
It is not looking good for the boys
and in case you're wondering,
"How will we know if someone
steps on the red line?"
Well, we have over 65 different cameras
covering every square-inch
of those two rooms,
and a team of people monitoring
everyone's every move.
We will know if they're out.
I have a present for you.
He has no idea how to drive
this thing, everyone back up.
- Oh my God, this is not like the Wii.
- Watch out, he's not forklift certified!
- Woo!
- You all now have a way to poop.
All right, goodbye.
- Bye!
- And now he's drifting the forklift.
- Now the boys have a place to poop
and the girls have a
place to poop, good luck.
(dramatic music begins)
(clock ticks)
- My cat is alone in my apartment.
- Food, water?
- She has food for like
three days, but that's it.
- I did not take off work tomorrow
and I'm going to Chicago on Friday,
I have a flight at 3:00 PM.
- [Mr Beast] So many people
had jobs and family members
expecting them later that
night or the next day,
which is exactly what I wanted to happen
and why I didn't tell 'em anything
about the challenge before we started.
You said you're leaving
'cause you have a baby?
- I have a baby.
(girls cheer)
- Someone had to leave
'cause they have a baby.
It's okay, it's okay.
- We both have to leave tomorrow anyway.
- Yeah, I'd like to still
have a job after this, so...
- One of the GoPros on the red lines
caught something interesting.
Gather around, gather around, my children.
One of you got super close to the line
and you need to decide
if they're out, okay?
- [Group] Ooh.
- [Mr Beast] Is that out or in?
- He's in!
- Let me play it a couple more seconds.
(group of boys groans)
He stepped on the line anyways, he's out.
A bunch of girls are leaving
because they're gambling
on their team winning without their help.
The girls were destroying the boys
and now the boys are in the lead.
- Literally, another four just left.
- $5,000 would change a lot
of peoples' lives right now!
- It would change mine!
- We're girls, we can do hard things.
- Clearly we're not.
Honey, we left.
(sad music begins)
(girls laugh)
- 20 girls are out.
- It sounds like a lot
of girls are getting out,
so that's good news, 'cause we don't have
a clue how many are left.
(upbeat music begins)
- [Mr Beast] And now that
we're getting deep into
the challenge, we brought
them all oatmeal for dinner.
You know, we gotta see who wants it more.
- We're eating this oatmeal on this big
pile of money right here.
The oatmeal is not good though.
- This oatmeal is psychological torture.
- [Mr Beast] The boys lost
16 people to the oatmeal.
The girls, on the other
hand, only lost four.
- Did you guys enjoy your food?
- [Girls] No!
- And I don't like raisins.
- [Mr Beast] And how many raisins
did you have in your bowl?
- About 20.
- It is almost dead even, this is crazy.
- We are all so close to each other.
I look to my left, person.
Look to my right, toes.
- [Mr Beast] Throughout the first night,
seven boys and nine girls left.
The boys must have gotten
better sleep than the girls.
- Our goal today is just to be louder
and better than the boys.
- [Girls] Three, two, one...
(girls scream)
(boy scream louder)
- Morning.
These are the troopers that
survived the first night.
Do you wanna know how many boys are left?
- [Girls] Yeah!
- I'll go count 'em, I'll be right back.
I'm not coming back.
62 of you survived the
night, look at you guys.
Do you guys wanna know
how many girls are left?
- [Boys] Yes.
- Okay, I'm gonna go
count 'em, I'll be right back.
I'm not coming back.
(upbeat music begins)
I don't know why, but
the boys were actually
excited for their oatmeal.
- [Boys] Oatmeal, oatmeal, oatmeal!
- [Mr Beast] The girls, on
the other hand, were not.
- Oatmeal, yay.
- You're gonna tell me that's good?
- [Mr Beast] The contestants
were getting pretty bored
at this point, so the girls started
creating stuff with the money.
They made a money jump
rope, money hopscotch.
They even made these little money dolls
and the boys, well...
(boys cheer)
- What is going on?
- Mr. Beast, forgive us for our sins.
- [Mr Beast] People were getting
out in all sorts of ways.
Some people got out on accident,
some couldn't handle the pressure,
and this girl got out to literally
save another contestant's cat.
- My cat will die.
(cat meows)
- I feel very accomplished.
(upbeat music begins)
- Do you know how long
you've been in here?
- [Girls] 24 hours!
- Exactly, and as a reward... (claps)
All right, take your blindfolds off.
(girls scream)
We brought in Hibachi chefs
to cook their dinner in front of them.
- It's showtime!
(girls cheer)
(upbeat music continues)
- 24 hours on oatmeal and this is perfect.
- You know what I just realized?
- What?
- We have to feed the boys.
- For the past two hours,
we've been hearing the girls having fun.
I'm literally going crazy in here.
- Are you ready for the surprise?
- [Boys] Yeah!
- Let's do it again. (claps)
The surprise is now here.
(boys cheer)
- I'm feeling good now.
- I think I'm feeling good.
- Eat your protein.
(boys cheer)
(glass shatters)
- Attention!
- [Boy] No!
- Can you confirm that's you?
(boys groan)
(boys applaud)
- [Mr Beast] Since not
much happened on day two,
I let Karl and Nolan annoy the contestants
while they were asleep.
- We're gonna give the boys and girls
a present from each other.
Let's do this.
- This is a present from the boys.
(loud siren begins)
Let's get out of here!
- Is that a siren?
- That's really annoying, even out here.
(siren continues)
- We should go now.
(girls cheer)
- They smacked it!
- I can't take this much longer, man.
- This is the worst day of my life.
- The girls already turned theirs off.
(siren stops)
(boys cheer)
(funky music begins)
(clock ticks)
- Morning of day three, it's
starting to stink in here,
'cause no one has showers.
We're still pulling through.
- We have a loss of
insanity, as you can see
by this Muscle Milk here, our
insanity is entirely gone.
- [Mr Beast] Last night,
this guy told Nolan
that he has an important
Zoom call for a scholarship.
So Nolan got him a suit and a laptop
so he could attend the call
from inside the circle.
This seems like a bad idea.
- Start us off by just telling us
a little bit about yourself.
- I'm an Elementary Ed Major.
- Everyone get in the camera, and just...
- I'm in a Mr Beast video right now,
they're all behind me doing something.
- Very committed.
- What life lessons have you learned?
- Party all day, party all night!
- Kevin, you are keeping
your composure so well
and I'm really proud of you.
- I think he's gonna get the scholarship.
- Bye y'all, thank you.
(boys cheer)
- Kevin, Kevin!
- I wonder what the guys
are at, I'm guessing 35.
What are y'all guessing?
- 20.
- I'm gonna start getting real rowdy.
(screams)
(girls laugh)
I might start losing...
actually losing my mind.
- It's been 43 hours
and they deserve a prize
for putting their body on
the line for their team,
which is why I custom
wrapped this blue Nissan,
hide it in that porta
potty and I custom wrapped
this pink Nissan that
I'm gonna hide in here.
I'm gonna take the key and
I'm gonna hide it right here
and whoever finds the keys
in these porta potties
first keeps the car.
(car horn beeps)
But once we got the porta potties placed,
we sat and watched while
people went in and out
without finding the keys.
- Oh my gosh, she's walking out.
- Oh, no keys.
Oh, the second person went in.
- Literally, any of them could
walk in there and win a car.
- Oh, here she comes.
Nothing.
- [Mr Beast] It was taking
forever for anyone to find
the keys, so Karl checked
the boys' porta potties,
and the key was actually gone.
- Who has it?
- I do.
- Oh, he does have it, yes!
(car horn beeps)
- Oh, my God.
(boys applauding)
I won't forget y'all, man.
- And get him five grand to
pay for the gas for his car.
(horn beeps repeatedly)
(boys cheer)
Then the boys were
convinced that the car key
wasn't the only hidden
prize inside their circle.
So they started looking.
- [Boy] And we just broke the glass,
in hopes of finding
something at the bottom.
- How does it feel to be the most
destructive person in here?
- Pretty fun.
(funky music continues)
- Everyone in both circles has
officially survived 50 hours.
(girls cheer)
Yes, you're halfway
done with the challenge
and to celebrate, bring
in the Rubik's cubes.
In front of the girls
is 100 Rubik's cubes,
and in front of the boys
is 100 Rubik's cubes.
It's a race to see which team
can solve all the Rubik's cubes first.
Well, whichever team loses,
gets their circle cut in half.
(girls gasp)
- I don't even know how to do this.
- Solve the white side and
then he can solve the rest.
- [Mr Beast] We didn't
realize until this competition
started that only one boy...
Oh, they're literally handing it to him...
and only one girl actually knew
how to solve a Rubik's cube.
Out of all these guys, he's the only one
that learned how to solve a
Rubik's cube and he stayed.
- Oh, I'm not leaving.
- And while the teams are
solving these Rubik's cubes,
I wanna tell you about Current.
- The first one's done!
- Only 99 more to go!
- Current is the mobile banking app
that's changing how money works.
Old banks hit you with all kinds of fees,
but Current has no monthly fees
and is all about saving you money
and what makes Current different
than normal mobile banking
is they give you 4%
interest on your savings.
Does your savings account
give you 4% interest?
- Yes, 'cause I use Current.
- Oh wait, you actually do.
He actually does.
(Karl laughs)
Six have been solved.
Eight Rubik's cubes
have been solved so far.
- I'm trying my best.
- The white side needs to
look like this on the outside.
- 25 done.
- And if you do your direct
deposits through Current,
you can get your money
two days in advance.
Since the boys were getting
way ahead of the girls,
I decided to make things interesting.
We're gonna offer the one guy in there
that knows how to solve them
$10,000 to leave right now.
I love how he's still solving.
We got $10,000 right here,
you can just walk out the circle.
- [Boy] Do it, do it.
- I'm out.
- It's 10 grand.
I would leave.
(boys groan)
- $10K is $10K!
- The boys were blowing
you out of the water.
I paid the one guy who knew
how to solve them to leave.
Now, if you don't win,
that was all for nothing.
So win for me.
- You're almost halfway done,
the girls are still losing.
- [Mr Beast] Current is
helping me give away $25,000.
100 of you will win
$250, just click the link
and use the code Beast250 to enter.
Even if you don't win the $250,
I'm gonna be personally giving you a gift
to every single one of
you that install Current
and use this code right
here when you sign up.
So if you haven't already,
click on the description
and download Current right now.
- Give me another one, I
got it, I can do that again.
- Go faster Zeke, you're making me mad.
- This is the last Rubik's cube.
Bro, he's shaking.
I really hope the girls
just miraculously catch up.
(intense music begins)
Oh my god!
(boys cheer)
Chris, you might wanna move.
- Oh, yeah.
- All right.
The girls' circle is cut in half,
because they lost the Rubik's
cube challenge to the boys
and the only girl that knew how to solve
a Rubik's cube ended up leaving.
Hopefully all of her
effort wasn't for nothing.
- I did 96 Rubik's cubes but I still lost.
- [Mr Beast] With the
third night rolling in,
I wanted to find out which
team would get tempted easier.
- This is an empty briefcase.
I'm gonna put it outside the circle.
Let's see if we can get somebody out.
- [Boy] What do you
want, what do you want?
- All right, let's go.
- [Boy Participant] No!
- I did it, yay!
(boys laugh)
- The briefcase was empty. (laughs)
- [Mr Beast] Then Nolan
put another briefcase out.
- [Boy] Oh!
- Please take your briefcase.
- [Mr Beast] And tricked the boys again.
- And I got cereal.
- It is not nothing.
- [Mr Beast] And again
and again when one boy got out trying
to grab it without leaving the circle.
- [Boy] Go for it.
(boys groan)
- At least you got what
was in that briefcase.
(boys groan)
- [Mr Beast] So, of course they tried
the same trick on the girls.
- [Girl] If there's no money,
you're gonna look like an idiot.
- Yeah, I am.
- It's an empty briefcase.
- All right.
The girls are clearly
smarter than the guys.
- It's 1:00 AM, we're
all losing our minds.
- They cut our circle in half
(girls giggle manically)
and we're losing it.
- [Mr Beast] I can't
believe it's so close.
After three days, both
teams still have a shot
of winning the half a million dollars.
It's officially hour 70.
How many girls do you
think are still left?
- [Boy] 20.
- [Boy] 25.
- 20, so you don't even think
they're in the 30s anymore.
On day four, one of the girls said
she had a surprise for me.
- I found some car keys in the porta potty
and we don't wanna tell the other girls
'cause we don't want them to freak out.
- Okay, give me one second.
Here is your brand new car!
(girls scream and cheer)
Hey, if Chris scratches
it, it's coming with it.
You don't have to get
out, but whenever you do,
your brand new car's right there.
- I'm definitely staying in.
- Okay, go for it.
That's dedication.
I have a podium with a giant red button,
I'm gonna put it in there and say nothing.
Let's see if anyone presses it.
(dramatic music continues)
- What does the button do?
- Cuts their circle in half.
- This is so suspicious.
- We're playing it cautious,
but we're playing it smart.
(boys protest)
- He didn't even explain what it was
and that boy instantly pressed it.
- All right, gentlemen, do
you know what this does?
- [Boys] No.
- It cuts your circle in half.
- No!
(boys groan)
- All right, well I'm
gonna go grab spray paint.
Any of you press this?
- [Girls] No.
- Okay, good.
- [Girls] Boys suck, boys suck!
- How we feeling?
- It sucks.
- Yeah.
- You wanna just clap once for me?
(boys clap)
And now the room is painted.
One of the girls convinced our camera guy
to borrow a drone to spy on the boys.
- We have the controls to the drone
and we're flying it over to the boys.
Oh my God, dude.
- Oh!
- We almost saw into the boys.
(dramatic music begins)
- [Man] Look at this dude. (laughs)
- [Mr Beast] And on night four,
we decided to let them
cook their own meal,
because tomorrow we'll
get much, much harder.
- We're 85 hours into this
and it's getting so close.
- I don't plan on leaving, there's no way.
- I don't think many of us will last.
I think the girls are winning.
(dramatic music continues)
- [Mr Beast] For the final
10 hours of the challenge,
we split each of the
circles into 10 sections.
There is now 10 hours
left in the challenge
and 10 zones in your circle.
So just so we're clear, if you touch
these red lines, you're out.
And every hour, they have to decide
which section to block off.
- And I think this one
should be our first choice.
(girls agree)
- [Mr Beast] Which led to some
pretty interesting conversations.
- We can fit nine in the porta potties,
so we can get real close.
- All right, boys, oh,
have you already decided?
- [Boy] We picked so quickly.
- [Boy] Yeah, we're blocking this off.
- Final decision?
- This one?
- Okay.
(dramatic music continues)
- The fact that it's
dead even after 90 hours
is so statistically improbable,
that it's crazy to me.
It's been an hour boys,
which one are we filling in?
Wait, the money pit?
They seem very confident and
they didn't seem on board.
- That side.
- Okay.
- It's time.
- [Girl] That one!
- Boys, what am I spray painting?
- [Boys] No more pit, no more pit.
- [Mr Beast] With only four hours left,
the teams were going over
how to best use the remaining space.
- There's no way we can
eliminate the money pit.
- It's the money pit or the porta potty.
- If we come... if we do
this, and then we just
cut it down, we have
more than enough room.
- [Mr Beast] Then this happened.
- Boys, boys, boys.
Change the lights.
I think you can guess what this means.
You'll see a finger drag across
(boys groan)
the red line.
Xavier, you clearly touched it.
Not only did Xavier get
out, this guy right here,
after he stepped out of the porta potty.
Look at all your reactions afterwards.
There's actually a third.
Who is that, good sir?
Come here, good sir, I'm sorry about that.
Boys, salute!
- We're losing people
'cause we're being sloppy.
If we cut that out, then we're good.
- [Mr Beast] After that,
everyone was careful,
and made it until the last
hour of the challenge.
It is officially the last hour.
So Chris, get to work.
Well, there's a pile of a bunch
of dudes in a porta potty.
Oh my gosh, how many are in there?
This last hour will determine who gets
the half a million dollars in cash.
(dramatic music begins)
- We're gonna make it.
- I just hope 33's enough.
(dramatic music intensifies)
- [Boys] Boys, boys,
boys, boys, boys, boys.
(dramatic music intensifies)
- [Boys] We will win!
- Ladies and gentlemen, the
challenge is officially over.
Meet me in the middle of the dome.
(boys cheer)
- [Boy] Let's go!
(girls scream and cheer)
- When we started, we had 100
girls and we had 100 boys.
These are all that remain.
After 100 hours, we have
33 boys and 35 girls.
(girls scream)
- [Girls] Girls, girls,
girls, girls, girls, girls.
- Congratulations, they just
won half a million dollars.
- 35.
Two people.
- My friend's gonna be so proud of me.
- If you haven't already subscribed,
we're closing in on
100 million subscribers
and it would mean the world to me.
Should they subscribe?
- [Girls] Yeah!
- I really wanna hit 100 million,
hit it if you haven't already.
♪ MrBeast6000, oh ♪